static_s3_pipeline/README.md, before:

### Static HTML S3 Hosted Website

Included here is a simple CICD pipeline for an S3 hosted static website. 

The project will use Amazon CDK to create the following for your website:

* Git code repository to store the website source code using the [AWS CodeCommit service](https://aws.amazon.com/codecommit/).


* An S3 bucket that is open to the public to host the website files.


* A simple CodePipeline that will run when changes are merged to the main / master branch of the CodeCommit repo. Deploying changes to the bucket with a manual approval step.

### Architecture:

![Static HTML S3 Pipeline](../images/static_s3_pipeline.png)

### Getting Started

First up install the dependencies required for the CICD pipeline:

_npm install_

Replace the html code in the codebase folder with your own.

_cp -r /tmp/my_files ./codebase_

Deploy the CDK stack with the command:

_npx cdk deploy_

After some time this will finish up, and you can log in to the AWS console to confirm resource creation.

Commit message:

Added steps for review of config files to the static site README.

static_s3_pipeline/README.md, after:

### Static HTML S3 Hosted Website

Included here is a simple CICD pipeline for an S3 hosted static website. 

The project will use Amazon CDK to create the following for your website:

* Git code repository to store the website source code using the [AWS CodeCommit service](https://aws.amazon.com/codecommit/).


* An S3 bucket that is open to the public to host the website files.


* A simple CodePipeline that will run when changes are merged to the main / master branch of the CodeCommit repo. Deploying changes to the bucket with a manual approval step.

### Architecture:

![Static HTML S3 Pipeline](../images/static_s3_pipeline.png)

### Getting Started

First up install the dependencies required for the CICD pipeline:

_npm install_

Replace the html code in the codebase folder with your own.

_cp -r /tmp/my_files ./codebase_

Review the config settings for the stack by opening and reviewing the configuration files:

_vim config/general.ts_
_vim config/pipeline.ts_

Deploy the CDK stack with the command:

_npx cdk deploy_

After some time this will finish up, and you can log in to the AWS console to confirm resource creation.
